the only thing I'm seeing I'd like to
put an amend on perhaps a little more
room here for the fee accent's you know
what I'm talking about ooh we're gonna
have a lot of fig fig know where I have
so many fucking geeks ends up in this
motherfucker this shit's gonna go
through the roof oh damn I'm shitting
gold these days yeah
ah Dida I nigga quit hey yeah hi
nigga quit hey
I say nigga quit hey
trans see week in the guy I nigga say
hey in there that's where the God that
they is they see that we making it I had
to take like two years on the tape to
get right in that so the homework that
just weight on it weight on it weight on
it weight on it cuz once i drop it there
won't be no way you can hate on a nigga
grip play in this game it's with you you
ain't real in the whole world cos be the
true faith in you gimme some gimmick
some can mix your host outlet joke I
just can't believe you think you making
it I had to tell you the cutest you ask
my opinion so why'd you kill you my take
on her clothes up this morning like cash
they know who i am i'm bout to stun on
the world me and my niggas walk in and
get out of detention and we finished
under your girl we ready for what ready
for anything nigga just know you gonna
leave with a faceless but we ain't
playin my silly shooter a shot to that
meaning that nigga jamaican there he
just be ready to go y'all niggas i can't
call him down like niggas be patient
Morgan a hospital askin cuz he keeping
pay he sent them so many patients back
to the MU that we make it my team on a
roll I swear you think those we skate
and rebranding and reaping the benefits
all that this current success got your
girl get intimate but we ain't into it
we must I wanna get into it until they
leave what we finishing blesses keep
flowing and flowing the money we blow me
know what it means we go repent shit
niggas you start taking lessons on how
your boy work so then she I might give
out apprenticeships maybe then diggers
will get it and get on the Money Train
follow your boy to the depth of demand
in my city if anyone trying to say
different you know that that nigga's the
liar she won't be you kidding but when
she comes here with my squad who's on
your gumption to Malaya
newer for years we met her I'll Twitter
my brother Brett hitter and change their
whole life then I did the same one see
pastor the meeting we sent down home to
you she ain't acting right can't help it
that's why I can't help it each one of
my exes keep telling me I'm just to
shellfish I get it I get it I get it but
baby yeah me and there's nothing you
can't do they're healthy makes me wonder
why the hell so many people are trying
to tell me to slow down seems like
motherfucker should be shutting the hell
up and enjoy the shade about family your
money then ate about me and that's where
I won't be around it i'm keeping my head
above water i'm walking on water i'm
laughing at these niggas drowning keeps
us close circle cuz i don't need too
many friends gotta watch litter people
around me sometimes my head in the
clouds that's my money they stay with it
nigga he people surrounding nigga quit
hatin niggas we're taking sweat hey i
see the look in your eyes niggas we made
it nigga we nigga we made it I told you
don't look so surprised niggas put hey
nigga sweat nigga quit hey I see that
look in your eyes nigga we made it nigga
we nigga we made I told you don't look
so surprised started off the nigger
getting heavy run something it felt like
I should take it started off I had a
gutin niggas being a fake one leader
will withstand but this one's from me go
I'm throwing my screws up like CeeLo
well maybe and craziest feeling I
granted him see those matches the
gambling me and
we look like a casino say this one for
me too I'm throwing my shoes up like
stealing or maybe I'm crazy estilo
grabbed it and she knows thanks just a
gamble to me and the whole world look
like my casino yeah
you